Title: APZI about
URL: https://www.apzi.be/en/over-ons
Source ID: S09

Over ons | APZI - De vereniging van de havenondernemingen in Zeebrugge News Events About us Apzi-Voka Members Alfapass booking 0 English (US) Nederlands (BE) English (US) 0 News Events About us Apzi-Voka Members Alfapass booking English (US) Nederlands (BE) English (US) APZI 'Association Port of Zeebrugge Interests’ is the association representing the private sector in the Port of Zeebrugge. Founded in 1973, it is organized as a non-profit association. APZI fulfills a dual mission within the port community: representing the interests of the Zeebrugge private sector and promoting the port in general. Approximately 160 Zeebrugge port companies are affiliated with APZI, including: stevedores, shipping companies and agents, freight forwarders, transport companies (road, rail, and inland waterways), and companies engaged in port-related activities (trade, industry, services). APZI acts as the representative and spokesperson of the Zeebrugge private port sector. APZI 'Association Port of Zeebrugge Interests’ is the association representing the private sector in the Port of Zeebrugge. Founded in 1973, it is organized as a non-profit association. APZI fulfills a dual mission within the port community: representing the interests of the Zeebrugge private sector and promoting the port in general. Approximately 160 Zeebrugge port companies are affiliated with APZI, including: stevedores, shipping companies and agents, freight forwarders, transport companies (road, rail, and inland waterways), and companies engaged in port-related activities (trade, industry, services). APZI acts as the representative and spokesperson of the Zeebrugge private port sector. 2023 Celebrating 50 Years January 2021 A new milestone in the Apzi – Voka West Flanders alliance as we transitioned to a single, integrated membership. April 2019 within the ‘ Apzi – Voka West Flanders ’ alliance. 1973 Founding of APZI 2023 Celebrating 50 Years januari 2021 A new milestone in the Apzi – Voka West Flanders alliance as we transitioned to a single, integrated membership. ​april 2019 within the ‘ Apzi – Voka West Flanders ’ alliance. 1973 Founding of APZI Structure APZI has the structure of an umbrella organization, ensuring the balance between and the importance of all the port sectors involved. The association is governed by a board of directors consisting of 18 members. The Board is composed to guarantee representation of every stakeholder sector within the port. This is ensured through the individual professional organizations of cargo handlers, shipping companies and agents, freight forwarders, road and rail transport companies, and businesses engaged in port-related trade, services, and industry. Within the Board of Directors, an Executive Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the association. The composition of this committee also respects the necessary balance among different sectors. ​ Daily Management Board of Directors Other Associations Structure APZI has the structure of an umbrella organization, ensuring the balance between and the importance of all the port sectors involved. The association is governed by a board of directors consisting of 18 members. The Board is composed to guarantee representation of every stakeholder sector within the port. This is ensured through the individual professional organizations of cargo handlers, shipping companies and agents, freight forwarders, road and rail transport companies, and businesses engaged in port-related trade, services, and industry. Within the Board of Directors, an Executive Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the association. The composition of this committee also respects the necessary balance among different sectors. ​ Daily Management Board of Directors Other Associations Executive Committee & Board of Directors Chairperson Mr. Geert VANDECAPPELLE Executive Commitee Composition of APZI’s Executive Board​: Board of Directors Composition of the APZI Board of Directors since the 2026 General Assembly: Vice-Chairs To be announced ​ ​ ​ Representing Cargo Handlers Ms. Carla DEBART - Cewez Mr. Stijn RUBBENS - Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics Ms. Nancy VAN OSSELAER - CSP Zeebrugge Terminals ​ ​ ​ Executive Board Members To be announced ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Representing Shipping Agents Mr. Stefaan HOPPE - Hoppe Maritime Agency Mr. Stijn DEVOLDER - Navonus Mr. Ruben LAGAET - Finnlines ​ ​ ​ Representing Freight transportation (road/railway/inland navigation) Mr. Lieven GOETHALS - Lineas (railway) Mr. Marc LANCKRIET - ECS Corporate (road) Mr. Patrick DEGRYSE - NHM (inland navigation) ​ ​ ​ Representing Forwarders Mr. Bruce DOBBELAERE - Wetrex Mr. Dirk STEEN - Cilogis Mr. Bert ADRIANSENS - ICO Terminals ​ ​ ​ Representing Industrial & Commercial Enterprises Mr. Xavier VANNESTE - Brouwerij De Halve Maan Mr. Geert VANDECAPPELLE - Boluda Towage Belgium Ms. Sylvie BECAUS - Zeebrugge Food Logistics Mr. Cedric BULCKE - Belgian New Fruit Wharf Mr. Pascal PANNIER - Van der Vlist Belgium ​ ​ ​ Chairperson Mr. Geert VANDECAPPELLE Executive Commitee Composition of APZI’s Executive Board​: Board of Directors Composition of the APZI Board of Directors since the 2026 General Assembly: Vice-Chairs To be announced ​ ​ ​ Representing Cargo Handlers Ms. Carla DEBART - Cewez Mr. Stijn RUBBENS - Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics Ms. Nancy VAN OSSELAER - CSP Zeebrugge Terminals ​ ​ Executive Board Members To be announced ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Representing Industrial & Commercial Enterprises Mr. Xavier VANNESTE - Brouwerij De Halve Maan Mr. Geert VANDECAPPELLE - Boluda Towage Belgium Ms. Sylvie BECAUS - Zeebrugge Food Logistics Mr. Cedric BULCKE - Belgian New Fruit Wharf Mr. Pascal PANNIER - Van der Vlist Belgium ​ ​ Representing Freight transportation (road/railway/inland navigation) Mr. Lieven GOETHALS - Lineas (railway) Mr. Marc LANCKRIET - ECS Corporate (road) Mr. Patrick DEGRYSE - NHM (inland navigation) ​ ​ ​ Representing Forwarders ​ Mr. Bruce DOBBELAERE - Wetrex Mr. Dirk STEEN - Cilogis Mr. Bert ADRIANSENS - ICO Terminals ​ ​ ​ Representing Shipping Agents ​ Mr. Stefaan HOPPE - Hoppe Maritime Agency Mr. Stijn DEVOLDER - Navonus Mr. Ruben LAGAET - Finnlines ​ Other Associations VOKA West-Vlaanderen ​ President Kennedylaan 9A 8500 Kortrijk Tel.: 056 23 50 51 / Fax: 056 21 85 64 info.wvl@voka.be www.voka.be/westvlaanderen A list of the associations represented on the omposition of the APZI Board of Directors Transport en Logistiek Vlaanderen - TLV ​ Land Van Rodelaan 20 9050 Gentbrugge Tel: 09 210 82 10 / Fax: 09 232 22 79 info@tlv.be www.tlv.be Cewez vzw Evendijk-Oost 244 8380 Zeebrugge Tel: 050 55 90 55 info@cewez.be www.cewez.be VOKA West-Vlaanderen ​ President Kennedylaan 9A 8500 Kortrijk Tel.: 056 23 50 51 / Fax: 056 21 85 64 info.wvl@voka.be www.voka.be/westvlaanderen A list of the associations represented on the omposition of the APZI Board of Directors Transport en Logistiek Vlaanderen - TLV ​ Land Van Rodelaan 20 9050 Gentbrugge Tel: 09 210 82 10 / Fax: 09 232 22 79 info@tlv.be www.tlv.be Cewez vzw Evendijk-Oost 244 8380 Zeebrugge Tel: 050 55 90 55 info@cewez.be www.cewez.be Quicklinks Home Events News About us Apzi-Voka Members Booking Alfapass APZI - Association Port of Zeebrugge Interests → is the association representing the private sector in the port of Zeebrugge. → fulfills a dual role in the port community: representing the interests of the Zeebrugge private sector and promoting the port. info@apzi.be ​ +32 50 55 27 57 Doverlaan 7 (1st floor) bus 10 8380 Zeebrugge - Belgium Follow us Quicklinks Homepage Calendar News ​ About us Apzi-Voka Members ​ Alfapass-booking Association Port of Zeebrugge Interests → represents the private sector association in the port of Zeebrugge. → plays a dual role within the port community by representing the interests of the Zeebrugge private sector and port promotion. Contact info@apzi.be ​ +32 50 55 27 57 Doverlaan 7 (1ste verdieping) bus 10 8380 Zeebrugge - Belgium Follow us Copyright ©APZI ​ Cookie Policy - Terms of use - Privacy Policy ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Nederlands (BE) | English (US) We use cookies to provide you a better user experience on this website. Cookie Policy Only essentials I agree
