Title: Alltraco
URL: https://www.alltraco.com/
Source ID: S12

Alltraco Home About Home Logistics & Customs Specialists About Scroll Logistics and Customs Specialists “ Leave it in the hands of specialists ” contact us CUSTOMS, Shipping and forwarding done the right way Alltraco is a forwarding specialist, AEO customs broker and consultant in Belgium, we operate out of the port of Antwerp-Bruges (Zeebrugge) and Brussels airport . We ship by Airfreight, Seafreight, Road transport or a multimodal combination, whatever is the best solution for the project. At Alltraco we believe in offering the client a friction free solution. We do the hard work so you don’t have to! What We Do Below are some of the services we offer. If you’re not sure we offer the service you require, just ask us ! We’ll gladly help you. Forwarding Full container loads (FCL) Less than container loads (LCL) Cars and High&Heavy units (RoRo) Project Cargo Art Handling Art Shipping and Handling Customized Art crating White Glove Service Customs formalities Import and Export formalities Transit Bonded warehouse Aeo Certified Brexit Transport to and from the UK Cross docking in Zeebrugge GMR Contact us Art HandlING Art Shipping specialists Our experienced art department specializes in handling and shipping fine art and antiques. Shipping fragile and delicate artwork all starts with the correct packaging, each work requires an individual approach and a customized solution. We provide museum-quality cratin g and art packing for an affordable price. We offer pickup at art galleries or auction houses throughout Europe. Handling and packaging by our in-house art department and worldwide door delivery shipped from the EU. White glove service for delivery in Belgium , including uncrating and installing the art at your gallery. Forwarding Importing or Exporting? Whether it be single packages, pallets (LCL) or full containers (FCL) , we can assist you with the shipping of your goods via the port of Zeebrugge, Antwerp, Ostend Airport or Brussels Airport. When doing business with a third country the most important thing is to negotiate the INCO term , this decides who pays for what in the transport. We can assist you in the complete process so you won’t face any unexpected issues. Need an offer for project cargo? No problem just ask us . BREXIT One stop solution Strategically located between the port of Zeebrugge and Calais we are ideally suited to handle all your Brexit needs: Import, export and transit formalities Customs enveloppe and GMR Transport, crossdocking, consolidation and warehousing Reefer plugin for customers RoRo Importing or exporting your vehicle? The port of Zeebrugge is the largest port in the world for importing and exporting roll-on roll-off ( RoRo) cargo. Shipping or importing a vehicle can seem a daunting task. We can guide you through this process and assist you with the shipping, customs clearance and all the required paperwork. We offer port to port shipping from Zeebrugge and Antwerp. For export we also offer pickup throughout Belgium and deliver your car to the port for you (door to port). RoRo vessels are built for shipping wheeled cargo, they are a multi level parking lot on a vessel. The units are loaded and unloaded using the ramp on the side or rear of the vessel. Each unit is lashed (tied down) below deck, offering protection against the weather elements. RoRo schedules offer reliable departure and arrival dates and is the preferred method by car companies to ship their own vehicles. LAST MILE SOLUTIONS Looking for a last mile solution in Belgium? We deliver your containers or pallets to your door. A flexible and personalized service, tailored to your needs. Useful Brexit Links: Green Lanes Check Check your access to Zeebrugge RX/Seaport use the wizard to find out the necessary steps required for import or export Calais pdf about the import/export process in Calais EORI check if your EORI number is valid here Contact us IMPORT OF IRON AND STEEL PRODUCTS FROM THIRD COUNTRIES The EU has introduced a ban on the import or purchase of iron and steel products containing iron or steel inputs originating in Russia and processed in other, ‘third’ countries. The EU regulations require importers to provide evidence of the country of origin for iron and steel inputs used in the processing of products in third countries. This requirement ensures that no Russian-origin materials are incorporated into the final products imported into the EU market. The two main HS tariff chapters affected are: 72: Iron and steel and 73: Articles of iron and steel. The origin can be proofed by a Mill Test Certificate (MTC) , or a (combination) of the following documents: “invoices relating to the production of the goods in question, delivery notes, quality certificates, long-term supplier declarations, production documents, customs documents of the exporting country, trade correspondence, production descriptions, exclusion clauses in sales contracts, Long-term supplier declarations, or declarations by the exporter or producer regarding the iron and steel inputs and if they relate to the shipment”. The information in these documents must contain at least the following information: HS code(s) of the goods on 6 digits; The origin of the goods; An indication of the country of origin of the iron and steel inputs or an indication of absence of Russian iron and steel inputs. Info: EU Sanctions - Belgian Customs (Dutch only) CBAM (Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism) The regulation establishing a carbon border adjustment mechanism (CBAM) of May 10, 2023 is one of the cornerstones of the European Union’s Fit for 55 package. With CBAM, Europe aims to build a sustainable economy. Today, European companies must adhere to strict rules on CO2 emissions while third countries do not. In order to stimulate fair competition, this carbon tax is used in the form of CBAM. In this way, one wishes to make production of carbon-intensive products in third countries less attractive. Which sectors? CBAM covers the following sectors: - Cement - Aluminium - Fertilizers - Electricity - Iron and Steel Which goods ? - The complete list of goods to which CBAM applies can be found in annex 1 of the regulation: https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32023R0956 What reporting? During the transition period (1/10/2023- 31/12/2025) emissions will have to be reported. This reporting will have to be submitted to the European Commission on a quarterly basis through their online portal ( CBAM transitional Registry). The first quarterly report must be submitted by January 31, 2024. The Implementing Regulation on reporting requirements and methodology provides for flexibility when it comes to the values used to calculate embedded emissions on imports during the transitional phase. Until the end of 2024, companies will have the choice of reporting in three ways: 1. Full reporting according to the new methodology (EU method) 2. Reporting based on an equivalent method (three options) 3. Reporting based on default reference values (only until July 2024, i.e for Q4 of 2023 and Q1&Q2 of 2024) More information can be found via following link: https://www.clecat.org/media/cbam-default-values-transitional-period.pdf Who should report? Reporting during the transition period will need to be submitted by the CBAM importer. As of 1/1/2026, the CBAM reporting declarant must actually be registered as an authorized CBAM declarant. Customs will then check whether the importer and/or CBAM declarant is registered. If this is not the case, the goods may not be imported. Home What we do services details BREXIT Russian Steel CBAM Alltraco Bv 58a Oostendse Steenweg, Zuienkerke, Vlaanderen, 8377, Belgium +32 495 512 165 info@alltraco.com Hours Belgian Freight Forwarding Conditions 2015 General Terms and Conditions for Logistics Privacy Policy
