Title: ICO Terminals
URL: https://www.icoterminals.com/en
Source ID: S15

Discover our terminals | International Car Operators Skip to main content Menu: Main: Header About ICO The gateway to Europe ESG initiatives Digitalization and innovation Safety, Quality, Security and Environment Terminals Northern Inlet Terminal Southern Inlet Terminal Vrasene Terminal Barcelona Terminal Services Agency & Logistics Breakbulk & Projects Ship Handling Terminal Handling Vehicle processing Jobs Contact Nieuws Gebruikersmenu Log in en nl Discover our terminals Our terminals Ship Handling Vehicle Processing Terminal Handling Breakbulk & Projects Agency & Logistics International car operators ICO is the global market leader in the port handling and storage of roll-on/roll-off cargo on its various deepsea terminals. In addition to loading and unloading new vehicles, construction materials, breakbulk, heavy lifts and any other RoRo cargo, we offer vehicle processing, shipping agency and various services related to Customs and fiscal representation, as well as the full door-to-door logistics from factory up to delivery to the client / dealer. ICO is a 100% subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK), one of world's most important transport companies. We are established in Belgium, in the heart of the European automotive industry. Via the ports of Antwerp and Zeebrugge we handle more than 2 million cars per year for all the major car manufacturers and shipping companies. World's main car brands from Europe and Japan have included ICO in their logistic supply chain. The geographical location of the terminals in Zeebrugge and Antwerp, a perfect mix of import and export volumes, the intra-European and global network of destinations connected to ICO, combined with state-of-the-art terminals and well-skilled workers, are the strategic factors of ICO's success. Our corporate values Since the satisfaction of the customer is our first concern, we have based our services on 3 values . We are strongly committed to those every day in all our departments. INTEGRITY Be respectful and nice for customers and colleagues. Stay warm, friendly, polite and caring. INNOVATION Always think of new ideas for improvement, even when the circumstances look satisfactory. Be open for improvement. INTENSITY Work on every task until it is completed. Do not give up. Overcome challenges. Stay motivated. International network ICO serves an extensive network of deep-sea shipping companies serving destinations worldwide to and from all continents. Our terminals in Zeebrugge and Antwerp are an international hub for roll-on/roll-off goods handling. Inland distribution Shortsea distribution Deepsea connections 100% subsidiary of NYK Located in Belgium 375ha terminal in Zeebrugge & Antwerp 1250 staff (incl. dockworkers) 2,4 million cars in 2022 Ship handling 2500 vessels/year Connected to 191 ports worldwide 49 in EU - 142 rest of world 11 windmills (44 Mw) 308 charging points 5 PDI centers CLIMATE neutral ICO endorses the transition to a climate neutral society. We organize our activities with respect for the environment and the people who give the best of themselves here every day. We are investing in renewable energy to limit our CO2 emissions, we are fully committed to smart energy management of our buildings and we are reducing our ecological footprint even more with numerous sustainability initiatives. Reusing rainwater, recycling materials, sensitizing our employees to adapted (driving) behaviour... We like to shift up a gear for the environment. Read more Do you have a QUESTION? Would you like more information about our activities? Are you curious what we can do for you? Contact us. We are happy to help you. Contact us Antwerp office Haandorpweg 2 9130 Kallo Belgium Zeebrugge office Margareta van Oostenrijkstraat 1 8380 Zeebrugge Belgium Menu: Main: Footer About ICO The gateway to Europe ESG initiatives Digitalization and innovation Safety, Quality, Security and Environment Terminals Northern Inlet Terminal Southern Inlet Terminal Vrasene Terminal Barcelona Terminal Services Agency & Logistics Breakbulk & Projects Ship Handling Terminal Handling Vehicle processing Jobs Contact Nieuws https://www.linkedin.com/company/international-car-operators/ https://www.youtube.com/@werkenbijinternationalcaro3413 Menu: Bottom © ICO Privacy policy Cookie statement Disclaimer General Terms & Conditions Safety regulations Menu: DMS Site by D’M&S Close Menu: Main: Off canvas About ICO The gateway to Europe ESG initiatives Digitalization and innovation Safety, Quality, Security and Environment Terminals Northern Inlet Terminal Southern Inlet Terminal Vrasene Terminal Barcelona Terminal Services Agency & Logistics Breakbulk & Projects Ship Handling Terminal Handling Vehicle processing Jobs Contact Nieuws Gebruikersmenu Log in
