Title: CSP Terminals
URL: https://cspterminals.be/
Source ID: S17

Home - CSP Terminals Mail us Call us Skip to content Home Our businesses Stevedoring Automated Truck Gate Value added services About Advantages of the port Member of Cosco Shipping Bridge between China & Europe Safety & sustainability Jobs Vacancies Learning Values Contact Location Important Contacts Opening hours E-Services Eportal Track & trace General Conditions Terms & Conditions Code of Ethics Privacy / GDPR Policy Welcome to CSP Zeebrugge, the bridge to Europe Let's meet The bridge to Europe We look at your business with an open mind. Versatility and an open mind are in our DNA. We are not afraid to experiment or innovate. Welcome to CSP Zeebrugge. The Port of Zeebrugge offers direct access to the European market , the continent with the highest population density. Located directly at the open sea, CSP Zeebrugge is very close to the main shipping routes in North Western Europe and can cater to the largest container vessels in the world . First class intermodal connections, including rail and access to the national and European highway systems , are available. The Zeebrugge facility benefits from no marine and land based congestion, which improves the service quality significantly. It is a coastal port with excellent hub capabilities to the UK, Ireland, Scandinavia and the Baltic region. CSP Zeebrugge is a state-of-the-art common-user terminal with 7 super post-panamax ZPMC gantry cranes . https://cspterminals.be/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/0016-01-CSP-Terminals-Bedrijfsvideo_v14_LR-1.mp4 Our businesses Stevedoring CSP Zeebrugge is located directly at the sea coast (close to the main shipping routes in North West Europe) and offers excellent nautical access for even the largest container vessels. Read more Hinterland connections Our port enjoys the ability to combine cargo flows to all major European centers of consumption, providing excellent multi-modal connections. Read more Automated gate process Our fully automated gate process uses both optical character recognition and digital container readers. On top of this we also make use of biometric fingerprint scanning access. Gain access Value added services CPS Zeebrugge offers a wide range of value added services, including container weighing, reefer services, container repair, breakbulk and project cargo and fumigation. Read more Direct access to European markets Let’s meet More than 1.5 million TEU 7 super post-panamax ZPMC gantry cranes More than 2.340 meters railtracks Jobs At CSP Zeebrugge we are looking for people who are open to continuous learning. Not only through classroom trainings, but also through training on the job and by learning from colleagues and interacting with other teams. Check out our vacancies CSP Zeebrugge Terminal nv Leopold II-dam, Kaai 120-122 8380 Zeebrugge, Belgium Other Contacts Details Contact zeebrugge.info@cspterminals.be +32 50 50 25 00 VAT BE0870.784.836 Site by DENK! Creatieve marketing Disclaimer - Privacy policy - Sitemap Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent
