Title: NDQ Logistics
URL: https://ndq.be/
Source ID: S19

Optimise your logistics between Europe & UK - NDQ Logistics Skip to content Client portal Service portal EN NL FR DE EN NL FR DE Services Intermodal transport solutions Warehousing solutions Unaccompanied transport Brexit-proof support Markets Insights About NDQ Our story Our approach CSR Careers Certificates Contact Services Intermodal transport solutions Warehousing solutions Unaccompanied transport Brexit-proof support Markets Insights About NDQ Our story Our approach CSR Careers Certificates Contact Request a quote The one-stop-shop for all your UK & Ireland consignments Request a quote Discover our services Redefining the logistics standard With a prime location in the Belgian Port of Zeebrugge, the modern NDQ warehouse serves as your strategic gateway to UK & Ireland. Seamless logistics We take care of your goods from start to finish, ensuring they reach their destination in the most cost-effective, time-efficient, and sustainable way possible. Combining our modern fleet of trailers and our state-of-the-art, rail-connected warehouse with unaccompanied shipping, we focus on intermodal transport solutions. Intermodal transport solutions Warehousing solutions Unaccompanied transport Brexit-proof support NDQ’s integrated logistics solutions optimize transport and warehousing, empowering your business in today’s dynamic market. 01 Intermodal transport solutions Road, rail, and water – NDQ offers multimodal transport solutions to seamlessly handle all your transport needs between UK & Ireland and the European mainland. In this way, NDQ ensures that your goods reach their destination in the most cost-effective, time-efficient, and sustainable way possible . Find out more 02 Warehousing solutions NDQ ’s comprehensive, state-of-the-art warehouse offers unmatched convenience. With its covered rail access, large cross-docking facility, and strategic location in the heart of the Belgian port of Zeebrugge , the NDQ warehouse serves as a strategic hub for all your UK and Ireland shipments. Find out more Join our team At NDQ, we're not just moving goods; we're driving success. Whether you're an experienced subcontractor or looking for your next career move, NDQ offers unparalleled opportunities to grow and thrive in the logistics industry. Join a team where your skills and dedication are valued and rewarded. Ready to get started? View all jobs Become a subcontractor Raising the bar in logistics Unlock the advantages of our distinctive combination of state-of-the-art warehousing and intermodal transport solutions. 01 Experience unmatched cross-docking efficiency Unmatched intermodal capabilities and expansive cross-docking infrastructure. 02 Embrace flexibility and significant cost/time savings Embrace the flexibility, efficiency, and significant cost and time savings. 03 Reduce the ecological footprint of your logistics Championing eco-friendly practices, ensuring a sustainable footprint. 04 Enjoy high-quality, customer-centric services Elevate your experience with our premium service and unwavering customer focus. NDQ is the trusted partner for a vast array of world-class companies across various industries. Looking for the most cost-effective, time-efficient, and sustainable logistics solution for your goods? Request a quote Contact NDQ: POWERING SUCCESS ACROSS INDUSTRIES Annually, we handle 50K consignments, ensuring reliability and satisfaction for our clients. 10000 Our fleets comprises 600+ tautliners, guaranteeing safe transportation across vast distances. 0 + With over 50 committed employees, personalized service is our priority. 0 + Our warehouse manages 200k handlings annually, catering to diverse client needs. 10000 Backed by 170 hauliers, we deliver goods promptly and securely. 0 MOST RECENT ARTICLES Discover the latest logistics news & insights News NDQ Logistics nominated for Trends Gazelles 2025 January 13, 2025 News NDQ Logistics aims to double its volumes by constructing a new cross-docking warehouse in the port of Zeebrugge December 23, 2025 Case study Case study: reducing long-haul trucking kilometres and CO2 emissions February 2, 2026 News Why Zeebrugge is the best choice for EU-based companies exporting to the UK & Ireland March 17, 2026 Case study Case study: reducing long-haul trucking kilometres and CO2 emissions February 2, 2026 News NDQ Logistics aims to double its volumes by constructing a new cross-docking warehouse in the port of Zeebrugge December 23, 2025 News Why you should switch to intermodal logistics June 7, 2025 Read more insights Are you looking for tailor-made logistics and transportation solutions for the UK and Ireland? Request a quote Contact Intermodal transport solutions Warehousing solutions Unaccompanied transport Brexit-proof support About us Services Markets Insights About NDQ Certificates Get a quote Contact Contact Koffieweg 2, BE-8380 Zeebrugge Belgium info@ndq.be +32 / 50 33 42 84 VAT: BE-0870.091.384 Linkedin Facebook-square Instagram Get our updates Email* I hereby give NDQ my consent to process my personal data in accordance with the NDQ Logistics privacy policy . Submit © 2026 NDQ Logistics. Privacy policy Cookie policy General terms & conditions EN NL FR DE Website by +
