Title: RBZ
URL: https://www.rbz.be/
Source ID: S20

RBZ - Shipping agent at the port of Zeebrugge/Ostend Home Gallery Contact us Home Gallery Contact us RBZ Shipping agent at the port of Zeebrugge/Ostend Pro active Discover our services Experience Discover the advantages of RBZ Home RBZ, active in the port of Zeebrugge, provides excellent port agency services to Owners and to Charterers, as well as flexible and discrete support as husbandry agents. We are experts in: Dredging Operations Offshore Projects Wind Energy Project Project management Coaster / Minibulkers Crewchanges Chartering & customs Project & Heavy Lift Cargo Bulk, Breakbulk Owing is of presence in the ports of Zeebrugge for many years, RBZ is enjoying first-class relationships with local port authorities, customs and immigration services as well as other port operators. RBZ has a strong and well established network with various shipping companies and can provide you with various flexible solutions to ship your cargoes, whatever commodity, to any place in the world. Comprehensive disbursements, cost control and competitive rates, hands on operations and flexible solutions are an essential part of the RBZ package. Our local expertise is the key to your successful portcall. Gallery Contact us If you have any questions or need more information about RBZ we are pleased to hear from you. RBZ NV Address: Vismijnstraat 23 8380 Zeebrugge (BELGIUM) BTW (VAT) nr: BE 0434 873 764 Tel. +32 (0)50/54.20.90 (24/7) Email: agency@rbz.be 2026 © RBZ - All rights reserverd - Privacy policy - General Conditions of the Antwerp Shipping Federation - General Belgian Freight Forwarding Conditions 2024 T. +32 50 54 20 90 PRIVACY POLICY RBZ processes your personal data and this because you use or want to use the services of RBZ, and / or because you have provided this information to RBZ yourself. WHAT DATA: RBZ collects data that are necessary to provide you with the best possible service or for the execution of the agreement and / or to comply with legal obligations. The following information is collected and processed by us: e-mail address - name - first name - address - telephone number - .. etc. This list is not exhaustive. The processing takes place according to the rules of the new European privacy legislation, the GDPR / AVG (General Data Protection Regulation / General Data Protection Regulation). More information about this legislation can be found on the website of the Privacy Commission: https://www.privacycommission.be/nl/general-verordening-gegevensbescherming-0 PURPOSE: This data will be used to communicate with suppliers, partners and prospects in the context of the execution of our contractual agreement. We also need this to answer the questions you have sent to us as well as for the execution of the assignments. We will also use this information to further inform you about services that are in line with the agreement we already have with you. If no contractual agreement has yet been concluded, we will use your information to contact you, either by telephone and / or in writing (by email and / or by post), with your permission. STORAGE: In a contractual context, RBZ does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary and / or legally obliged to realize the purpose for which your data is collected. Your data will in any case not be kept longer than the legally prescribed terms. SECURITY: RBZ has taken sufficient technical and organizational measures to guarantee the safe processing of your personal data. These measures correspond to the nature of the personal data and are proportionate to the potential severity of the risk and serve to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. The risk of accidental or unauthorized destruction, loss, modification or access to and any other unauthorized processing of the data is limited to a minimum. Unfortunately, no risk can be completely avoided. If unauthorized access is obtained to the IT systems of RBZ we will immediately take all possible measures to minimize the damage to and / or theft of the data. If the rights of the data subjects have been damaged, a notification of data leak will be made to the Privacy Commission as well as to the data subjects. TRANSMISSION: RBZ will only provide your personal data to third parties (within or outside the European Union) if this is strictly necessary for the execution of the agreement with you, or to comply with a legal obligation. You can file a protest at any time. If RBZ uses external parties, partners or subcontractors for services, they will also have to comply with the new regulation. In a processor agreement it will be agreed that they must take appropriate security measures and how they can be controlled. COOKIES: Our website keeps track of general visitor data, including the IP address of your computer and the time of the request and data that your browser sends via Google Analytics. This data is used to improve the operation of the website. We try to anonymise this data as much as possible and have taken the following actions: A processor agreement has been concluded. The data is processed anonymously and can not be traced back to the individual. "Data sharing" is disabled. We do not use other Google services in combination with Google Analystics cookie. If you determine that other cookies are being placed, we thank you for informing us so that we can take the necessary measures and adjustments. RIGHTS: Unless there is a legal obligation to keep your details up to date, you always have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You can send a request to exercise this right to ict@rbz.be. Your request will be given as soon as possible, but within 4 weeks. Even if you have given us permission to use your data, this consent can be withdrawn at any time.
