Title: ECS automated warehouse job signal
URL: https://be.linkedin.com/jobs/view/logistics-manager-automated-warehouses-at-ecs-4203613361
Source ID: S29

ECS hiring Logistics Manager Automated Warehouses in Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium | LinkedIn LinkedIn respects your privacy LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Logistics Manager Automated Warehouses in Belgium Expand search This button displays the currently selected search type. When expanded it provides a list of search options that will switch the search inputs to match the current selection. Jobs People Learning Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Sign in Join now Logistics Manager Automated Warehouses ECS Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium Logistics Manager Automated Warehouses ECS Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 year ago Be among the first 25 applicants See who ECS has hired for this role No longer accepting applications Report this job Description You have a passion for automation and wish to work in an innovative environment. As a Logistic Manager of Automated Warehouses, you are responsible for all automated sites in Zeebrugge. The focus is on innovation in terms of digitization and automation, as well as the daily operations and coaching of operational teams and planning activities. ECS has 3 automated warehouses in Zeebrugge: Highbay I, Highbay II, and a Lowbay. About 40 of our own workers operate in early-late shifts. In Highbay II, around 30 dock workers are employed. Additionally, there are 2 automation engineers, each with their own operators/automation technicians to maintain the automation. You are responsible for the complete management of operational processes across the various automated warehouses and hold the final responsibility for performance. These processes and departments include all inbound and outbound transport flows, storage, supply and expectation management, planning, customer service, quality, safety, maintenance, and automation and information systems. You promote and encourage safety in the workplace. You strive for continuous improvement of service in collaboration with internal stakeholders. You initiate improvement processes within the warehouse to enhance productivity. You play a crucial role in optimizing supply chain processes and ensure seamless coordination between the various operational and administrative departments. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced professional to apply their expertise in a dynamic and growing organization, reporting to the Operational Director Supply Chain. Responsibilities Continuous improvement: cost and efficiency improvement In-depth knowledge of logistics and transport processes to identify all opportunities for cost improvements. Understanding of automation, deep knowledge of inbound and outbound processes to achieve efficiencies. Analytical thinking and insight through data analysis to optimize the operation of automated warehouses People management & leadership qualities: From the Supply Chain division, you lead a team of about 100 employees, divided over 4 direct reports: HB I and LB in the Baron De Maerelaan, with early-late shifts (about 40 workers) and led by a warehouse manager; HB II in the Lancelot Blondeellaan, with dock workers (about 30) in shift systems and led by the warehouse manager; The team (15 FTE) of automation technicians and operators led by 2 maintenance engineers; About 15 planners, clerks, under the direction of a coordinator. We seek strong leadership skills to inspire and guide teams towards achieving strategic goals, including cost efficiency and savings initiatives. Building the growth of the warehouse team, creating ownership, formulating objectives in line with strategic goals. The ability to guide and develop team members and foster a culture of continuous improvement. Placing the right people in the right roles, ensuring a shared vision, culture, and leadership values. You implement training and uniform work instructions for your teams. Lead-by-example role, promoting dialogue and a constructive improvement mentality, and working to reduce the distance between different departments and levels within the organization. The ability to manage and coordinate multiple tasks and projects simultaneously. Problem-solving ability: quickly and effectively responding to unexpected situations and problems. Process/Project Management You optimize current methods, procedures, systems, and analytical tools needed to measure and improve performance. You manage, discuss, and optimize KPIs. You base your decisions on analyzing productivity in warehouses, understanding, and managing KPIs such as the number of operations per person. You identify and implement improvement projects. You enhance safety and quality standards, linked to changes in awareness and behavior Strategic Customer Relationships You have a strong focus on delivering excellent service to customers (timely and damage-free delivery, accurate transactions, cost-efficient) and reconcile this with the operational capabilities of your teams. You ensure the development and implementation of action plans for key customers in close collaboration with Key Account Managers, ICT, and Operational teams Profile You hold a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree, supplemented with demonstrable experience as a Supply Chain Manager or in a similar role. You have at least 10 years of experience with warehouse operations in an automated environment. Experience with dock workers is a plus Strong leadership skills and the ability to motivate a team. You are analytically strong and decisive. You quickly gain process insight and have solid experience with process and ICT optimizations, using the right change management techniques. Taking initiative is in your nature, and you always pay attention to good communication and collaboration with others. You are customer-oriented and understand their commercial needs. You remain calm in stressful situations and excel in problem-solving thinking and actions. You communicate effortlessly in Dutch and Englis Apply online Ready to take your career to the next level? Dive into the world of logistics at ECS, the beating heart of the port of Zeebrugge. As a leading player in the logistics sector, we offer you not just any job, but an opportunity for personal growth, innovation and international connections! Our offer Work environment: step into a dynamic and innovative work environment, with the values of a family business Conditions: enjoy attractive remuneration and working conditions, complemented by fringe benefits Growth: discover numerous career opportunities and build your future within ECS Development: get opportunities to further develop your knowledge and skills through numerous internal and external training courses Culture: join a corporate culture where wellbeing is key Activities: take part in fun activities and sports sessions after work Childcare: take advantage of our in-house childcare for a perfect work-life balance Ready for a new challenge? Apply now and take your first step towards a new career! Show more Show less Seniority level Mid-Senior level Employment type Full-time Job function Management and Manufacturing Industries Transportation, Logistics, Supply Chain and Storage Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at ECS by 2x See who you know Get notified about new Logistics Manager jobs in Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium . Sign in to create job alert Similar jobs Logistics Projects Engineer Logistics Projects Engineer CNH Zedelgem, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 weeks ago Warehouse Manager - Electronics Warehouse Manager - Electronics Madison Recruitment Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 days ago Logistic Engineer Logistic Engineer Daikin Europe Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 5 days ago Distribution & Warehouse Manager Distribution & Warehouse Manager TE Connectivity Oostkamp, Flemish Region, Belgium 10 hours ago Supply Chain Manager Supply Chain Manager Stroom Recruitment West Flanders, Flemish Region, Belgium 4 days ago Operations Manager (m/v/x) (BNFW) Operations Manager (m/v/x) (BNFW) SEA-Tank Terminal Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 months ago Teamlead (m/w/d) für die Abteilung Logistics Infrastructure EU Teamlead (m/w/d) für die Abteilung Logistics Infrastructure EU Runden Group Damme, Flemish Region, Belgium 2 months ago Network Infrastructure Manager EU (m/w/d) Network Infrastructure Manager EU (m/w/d) Runden Group Damme, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 month ago PROJECT MANAGER LOGISTIEK PROJECT MANAGER LOGISTIEK POM West-Vlaanderen Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 4 days ago Manager magazijn Manager magazijn Belgie Vacature Oostkamp, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 weeks ago Hoofd logistiek en atelier Hoofd logistiek en atelier Braet, sterk in bouw Nieuwpoort, Flemish Region, Belgium 2 months ago Production Planner Production Planner Exail Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 2 months ago Supply Chain Specialist Supply Chain Specialist Orac Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Senior Transport Specialist Senior Transport Specialist Madison Recruitment Pittem, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago WMS Senior Business Consultant WMS Senior Business Consultant Logflow NV Oostkamp, Flemish Region, Belgium 6 months ago ICT Sales, Logistics & Purchasing Architect ICT Sales, Logistics & Purchasing Architect Lotus Bakeries Kaprijke, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 weeks ago Project Manager Project Manager Atumind Lichtervelde, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Senior Transport Specialist Senior Transport Specialist SIOEN Ardooie, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Industrialization Engineer Industrialization Engineer Exail Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 months ago Teamlead laadkaai Teamlead laadkaai Ardo West Flanders, Flemish Region, Belgium 6 days ago Product Manager Storage -&Transport System Product Manager Storage -&Transport System Roxell Maldegem, Flemish Region, Belgium 6 days ago Group Project Engineer Group Project Engineer Hudson Benelux Ardooie, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Transportplanner Transportplanner Conessence Wingene, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 weeks ago Transportmanager Transportmanager Oxida West Flanders, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Operationele Team Leader Operationele Team Leader Bridgestone EMEA Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium 6 days ago Professional Planning Professional Planning H.Essers Bruges Metropolitan Area 5 days ago Teamlead Warehouse Aftersales Teamlead Warehouse Aftersales Conessence Bruges Metropolitan Area 4 weeks ago Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this People also viewed Management Traineeship Ostend Management Traineeship Ostend Mainfreight Europe Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Plant Manager Plant Manager Hudson Benelux Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 3 weeks ago Group Applications Manager Group Applications Manager Ardo West Flanders, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Product Manager - Consumables Product Manager - Consumables Baker Hughes Bruges Metropolitan Area 1 week ago Productie Manager Productie Manager BARRETT & YOUNG West Flanders, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 week ago Operationeel verantwoordelijke Operationeel verantwoordelijke Synergie Belgium Bruges Metropolitan Area 1 week ago Material Planner Material Planner Belgie Vacature Zedelgem, Flemish Region, Belgium 1 day ago Supply Chain Analyst Supply Chain Analyst Kingfisher Recruitment Bruges, Flemish Region, Belgium 4 days ago Technology Lead & Engagement Manager Technology Lead & Engagement Manager PRACYVA Ostend Metropolitan Area 3 weeks ago Supervisor Expeditie Supervisor Expeditie La Lorraine Bakery Group Ostend, Flemish Region, Belgium 2 months ago LinkedIn © 2026 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at ECS Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
