Title: Inbound Release Platform launch
URL: https://newsroom.portofantwerpbruges.com/en/press-releases/nxtport-port-of-antwerp-bruges-and-the-way-forward-launch-inbound-release-platform
Source ID: S36

NxtPort, Port of Antwerp-Bruges and The Way Forward launch Inbound Release Platform English Nederlands Back to overview 2025-05-06 NxtPort, Port of Antwerp-Bruges and The Way Forward launch Inbound Release Platform The new customs declaration process at your fingertips Inbound Release Platform (IRP) has been operating since 1 April 2025. This innovative solution, which was developed by Port of Antwerp-Bruges and its subsidiary NxtPort in collaboration with The Way Forward and Belgian Customs, is helping the port community implement the new European customs legislation for inbound cargo flows. Thanks to IRP, the digital processing of import, transhipment and transit in all Belgian seaports is becoming faster, safer and more transparent. Share this page Share Email Share Share Ankerpunten The launch of Inbound Release Platform to enable a smooth connection to the new European customs process. A central platform for secure data exchange between customs, shipping agents, terminal operators, declarants and logistics service providers. Support for all Belgian seaports and all cargo flows. A phased roll-out with early movers as a means of carefully validating the processes. A call for shipping agents, terminal operators, customs agents and logistics service providers to join by 31 December 2025 Smart data flows between businesses and customs To comply with European requirements, Belgian Customs must fully transition to the new PN/TS system for the digital registration and control of goods entering the European Union. This will be accompanied by some major changes for the logistics sector: processes are about to become more complex and will require a variety of data to be shared in an accurate and timely way. At the request of the port community, NxtPort therefore developed IRP – a smart link between the customs authorities and shipping agents, terminal operators, customs agents and logistics service providers. Using the platform, relevant data can be delivered and accessed centrally, while paying maximum attention to data security. Efficiency, transparency and compliance at every link in the chain IRP is available in all Belgian seaports and supports the importation, transhipment and transit of all cargo flows (breakbulk, bulk, containers, ferry and RoRo). The platform increases data transparency, simplifies compliance with the customs legislation and speeds up logistics processes. For example, shipping agents will share their cargo lists automatically from now on; terminal operators will optimise their cargo handling. Customs agents and logistics service providers can also obtain a clearer view of the status of their shipments more rapidly using the Import Consignment API. IRP provides companies with a full-service solution by connecting all of the links to each other. Geert Maes, Transition Manager, NxtPort : “ Since IRP was launched on 1 April, the roll-out has been taking place as part of a controlled and phased process, in close cooperation with several early movers in Zeebrugge, Antwerpen and Gent (MSC Belgium, Grimaldi Belgium, CSP Zeebrugge Terminal, Antwerp Euroterminal, Stukwerkers and De Baerdemaecker. Through incremental testing involving increasing volumes and complexity, the processes are being carefully validated and, where necessary, refined in the production environment. This pragmatic approach also gives Customs the necessary space to get used to the system and will prevent disruptions in the flow of goods. Today, almost 100% of the shipping agents and terminal operators in Belgium are involved and the commitment that exists on the logistics side is also growing: 60 to 70 customs agents and logistics service providers have already begun the onboarding process of their own accord. ” Ready for smoother customs clearance? Shipping agents and terminal operators would do well to prepare for the implementation of IRP in a timely manner, in line with the phased timetable. Customs agents and logistics providers are encouraged to find out all they need to know about these important operational changes. For them, IRP offers a powerful solution by means of the Import Consignment API. They can sign up at https://www.inboundrelease.com/en/request-contract-proposal-inbound-release-platform in order to ensure that they comply with the new regulations by 31 December 2025. Once registered, they will receive personal guidance from a NxtPort expert. Software providers are also urged to provide the necessary integrations between IRP and their customs software for electronic declarations so that their customers can use the platform smoothly. By incorporating the logistics chain as a whole, we are therefore building a safer, more transparent and more efficient future. Frederik Noppe, Senior Customs Officer Antwerp Euroterminal : “ We are delighted to play our part in the launch of IRP. As a terminal, we can see the significant benefits that the platform offers as a means of obtaining customs clearance for incoming goods. What is more, it also provides greater transparency within the chain as a whole. I would like to compliment the IRP team for their professional approach in realising this project ” Wendy Vandenbussche, Customer Service Manager CSP Zeebrugge Terminal : “ As CSP Zeebrugge, we are proud to be one of the first terminals in Belgium to launch IRP, following a successful test phase with MSC Belgium under the watchful eye of NxtPort. This technology facilitates communication between players within the supply chain and within Belgian customs. Transparent data sharing across the entire chain increases our efficiency as terminal operators and helps us to release goods according to the customs regulations that apply by law. Our special thanks go to our IT team for ensuring this is a success story. ” Yelle Deketelaere, General Manager De Baerdemaecker : “ Working closely with the NxtPort/IRP team and actively participating in the testing phase have enabled us to thoroughly prepare for the upcoming changes within the customs landscape. As a result of our active involvement and cooperation with IRP, we can be certain that our clients will receive correct and efficient support when completing their import declarations. ” Wouter Bassier, Import General Manager MSC Belgium : “ We are proud to have been one of the first shipping companies to contribute towards the testing phase of Inbound Release Platform. Thanks to the close cooperation with all parties involved, we are all taking an important step together towards the go-live of the platform. ” For more info: Geert Maes – Transition Manager NxtPort BV +32 472 45 46 57 geert.maes@nxtport.com For press inquiries, contact: press@portofantwerpbruges.com +32 492 15 41 39 Press releases in your mailbox The port never stands still. Want to hear the latest news first? Sign up here and receive our press releases directly in your inbox! Subscribe You might also find this interesting Shareholders agree on integration of RX/SeaPort and NxtPort External conditions impact quarterly results Port of Antwerp-Bruges: Jacques Vandermeiren steps down as CEO About Port of Antwerp-Bruges With an annual throughput of 267 million tonnes, Port of Antwerp-Bruges is a world port in the heart of Europe. The port is a unique ecosystem of maritime throughput, logistics and industry, and is home to Europe’s largest integrated chemical cluster. As a hub for containers, general cargo and vehicles, and home to over 1400 companies, it accounts for around 164,000 direct and indirect jobs and 21 billion euros in added value. This makes it Belgium’s most important economic engine. Port of Antwerp-Bruges aims to become the first world port that reconciles economy, people and climate. The Antwerp-Bruges Port Authority, a limited liability company of public law, manages the port platforms of Antwerp and Zeebrugge. The cities of Antwerp and Bruges are the shareholders. Rob Smeets is COO and CEO ad interim, Johan Klaps (Vice-Mayor of Antwerp) is President of the Board of Directors, and Dirk De fauw (Mayor of Bruges) is Vice-President. Cookie policy Privacy policy Disclaimer Responsible disclosure
