Title: ECS Software Developer vacancy
URL: https://www.ecs.be/en/careers/jobs/software-developer
Source ID: S38

Software Developer | ECS Home Services CSR About ECS News en nl fr Careers Contact My portal Intermodal transport Supply chain Our services Full loads transport Supply chain logistics Temperature controlled transport Brexit & customs services Equipment Company History Mission & vision Offices CSR Highlights General terms & conditions Downloads Careers Working at ECS Onboarding Jobs Contact us Contact details Get a quote Stay up to date! Email address Home Careers Jobs Software Developer Back to overview Software Developer Share this: Location Zeebrugge Job type White collar Apply online Description As a .Net developer, you will become a member of our IT team. Together with around 20 fellow analysts, developers and testers, you will be responsible for developing our in-house applications. There are several teams, and you will be given your place in 1 of them to strengthen us operationally from our long-term vision. Are you… someone who is energised by a pragmatic, solution-oriented and efficient approach? an agile team player who likes to inspire and be inspired? a tech-savvy doer who dares to question the status quo and strives for reliable and future-oriented software solutions? Your role as a developer at ECS: Develop new software applications in .NET and Angular Maintaining and extending existing applications and interfaces to customers and suppliers Write robust and secure code within the defined software processes Work on varied projects in which you convert complex business questions into scalable IT solutions Work independently as well as in a team and are not afraid of hard deadlines Take initiative, dare to think out of the box but still work in a solution-oriented way Profile Profile: Higher degree in computer science or equivalent through experience At least 3 years' experience in .NET development Good knowledge of C# .NET and front-end framework Good knowledge of MS SQL Server, TSQL and ASP.NET Core Broad general ICT knowledge , you understand how systems and networks work Experience with Azure or willing to learn Fluent in Dutch and English Knowledge of Kubernetes, Docker is a nice to have Event Driven Architecture and Domain Driven Design are also nice to haves Affinity with the logistics/transport sector Apply online Ready to take your career to the next level? Dive into the world of logistics at ECS, the beating heart of the port of Zeebrugge. As a leading player in the logistics sector, we offer you not just any job, but an opportunity for personal growth, innovation and international connections! Our offer Work environment : step into a dynamic and innovative work environment, with the values of a family business Conditions : enjoy attractive remuneration and working conditions, complemented by fringe benefits Growth : discover numerous career opportunities and build your future within ECS Development : get opportunities to further develop your knowledge and skills through numerous internal and external training courses Culture : join a corporate culture where wellbeing is key Activities : take part in fun activities and sports sessions after work Childcare (only headquarters in Zeebrugge) : take advantage of our in-house childcare for a perfect work-life balance Ready for a new challenge? Apply now and take your first step towards a new career! ECS European Containers NV Baron de Maerelaan 155 8380 Zeebrugge +32 50 50 20 20 View all offices Services Full loads transport Supply chain logistics Temperature controlled transport Brexit & customs services Equipment Company History Mission & vision Offices CSR Careers Working at ECS Onboarding Jobs Get a quote Contact us My portal en nl fr Subscribe to our newsletter Email address © ECS 2025 Privacy policy Cookie statement Disclaimer General terms & conditions Let's connect
