Title: CSP Zeebrugge Navis N4 deployment
URL: https://www.marinelink.com/news/csp-zeebrugge-terminal-deploys-navis-n-468887
Source ID: S43

CSP Zeebrugge Terminal Deploys Navis N4 Wednesday, June 3, 2026 🔍 Home Magazines Advertising Events Videos Contact us Podcast Subscribe Shipbuilding Offshore Coastal/Inland Government Equipment Training Law & Regulations CSP Zeebrugge Terminal Deploys Navis N4 Maritime Activity Reports, Inc. Shailaja A. Lakshmi July 26, 2019 The terminal operating systems (TOS) provider Navis announced that CSP Zeebrugge Terminal, part of COSCO Shipping Ports, has successfully gone live with Navis N4. The unit of Cargotec Corporation and provider of operational technologies and services that unlock greater performance and efficiency for the world’s leading organizations across the shipping supply chain, the terminal connecting European market will use N4 to focus on real-time data sharing and efficiency for better service. The terminal, which is a major hub in the European market, has selected N4 to help optimize operations and data visibility with stakeholders and enable its employees to focus on core tasks and with a more modern TOS. In 2017, COSCO Shipping Ports acquired CSP Zeebrugge making it the first terminal in Northwest Europe in which COSCO Shipping Ports holds a controlling stake. The port group set its sights on turning the terminal into its Northern European shipping hub as part of its larger globalization efforts. Located off the coast of Belgium, CSP Zeebrugge connects the UK, Ireland, Scandinavia and the Baltic regions, offering its customers direct access to the European market. Currently operating at 600,000 TEU, CSP Zeebrugge uses state-of-the-art equipment and technology including 7 super post-panamax ZPMC gantry cranes, more than 2.3 kilometers of rail tracks and now N4, to serve its customers in both deepsea and shortsea vessels through the most densely populated region in the world. “CSP Zeebrugge is responsible for connecting important trade markets through its facility and needs to have the resources to serve their customers in an efficient way,” said Mark Welles, VP Global Partnerships for Navis. “CSP Zeebrugge is the first successful N4 rollout in COSCO Shipping Port's TOS standardization program. Navis is continuing joint efforts to roll out N4 in the COSCO terminal network across the globe in the coming months.” In addition to keeping up with customer demand and traffic at the terminal, CSP Zeebrugge has tapped Navis to help data visibility within partners and customers. They will also be utilizing expert decking for improving yard strategy and prime route for optimal use of available resources. By automating some of these processes, CSP Zeebrugge hopes that they can be more transparent with stakeholders and help employees focus on their core tasks and deliverables. “Based on their past successes and being the leader in terminal operating software, partnering with Navis was the right decision to push our business goals forward,” said Stefan Vanparys, N4 Project Lead CSP Terminals Zeebrugge. “Bringing N4 to CSP Zeebrugge took careful planning and dedication from partners and the migration team and we are happy at the result we achieved at the end of the project.” Ports • Automation • Terminal • Terminal Operating Systems (TOS) Related News 02 Jun 2026 US Fires Hellfire Missile at Tanker The U.S. military fired a Hellfire missile at a tanker heading toward Iran on Tuesday as part of a blockade being imposed by President Donald Trump… 02 Jun 2026 Book Review - BLUE BHARAT: India’s Voyage to a Resilient Ocean Economy Some books arrive as commentary; Blue Bharat arrives as a working instrument. Capt. Gajanan Karanjikar’s latest contribution… 02 Jun 2026 Zero-Queue Ports: No Anchored Ships, No Truck Lines From Congestion-as-Normal to Time-as-a-ServiceAt the Port of the Future Conference in Houston, Texas, I had the privilege… 02 Jun 2026 SBM Offshore, Solstad to Build New Deepwater Installation Vessel SBM Offshore and Solstad Offshore have formed a joint venture that has entered into a letter of intent with a shipyard for… Sponsored Content Cybersecure offshore weather intelligence Vaisala AWS830 delivers real-time met-ocean data for safer helideck and offshore operations. SALE OF “CBW LIAN YUN GANG” BY THE FEDERAL HIGH COURT OF NIGERIA IN THE MATTER OF ADMIRALTY ACTION IN REM OFFERS ARE INVITED for the purchase of Supramax Bulker “CBW LIAN YUN GANG” (IMO No:9539834) of Hong Kong, strictly on an “as is where-is” basis pursuant to An order of the Federal High Court of Jobs 🔍 Chief Radio Electronics Technician (IAT) ● Military Sealift Command Able Seaman (W) ● Military Sealift Command First Officer ● Military Sealift Command First Radio Electronics Technician (IAT) ● Military Sealift Command Refrigeration Engineer ● Military Sealift Command Post Resume Employers – Post Jobs Sponsored Content SALE OF “CBW LIAN YUN GANG” BY THE FEDERAL HIGH COURT OF NIGERIA IN THE MATTER OF ADMIRALTY ACTION IN REM Cybersecure offshore weather intelligence Featured video WSF System Plans for a Hybrid-Electric Future May 2026 Trite but true, the path to decarbonization has no ‘silver bullet’ solution. Read the Magazine Back to the Drawing Board Fuel for Thought Subscribe for Maritime Reporter E-News Maritime Reporter E-News is the maritime industry's largest circulation and most authoritative ENews Service, delivered to your Email five times per week Subscribe to Maritime Reporter Magazine Subscribe to Marine News Magazine Subscribe to Maritime Reporter Email News Maritime News Terms and Conditions Privacy Maritime News Archive Maritime Articles Authors © 1996-2026 Maritime Activity Reports, Inc. Maritime Logistics News Maritine Technology News World Energy News Maritime Jobs Yachting News Marine Electronics Maritime Propulsion News Maritime Reporter Magazine Marine News Magazine Maritime Logistics Marine Technology Magazine Maritime Magazines White Papers US Maritime Intelligence Maritime Directory Maritime Companies
