Title: Kaleris Terminal Operating Systems
URL: https://kaleris.com/solutions/terminal-operating-system/
Source ID: S44

Terminal Operations - Kaleris - Supply Chain Execution Software Skip to content Careers Search Careers Search Explore Solutions Terminal Operating Solutions (TOS) Transportation Management (TMS) Yard Management Solutions (YMS) Execution Visibility Platform (EVP) Carrier & Vessel Solutions (CVS) Transportation Management (Rail Visibility) Maintenance & Repair Operations (MRO) In the News Blog Press Releases Case Studies Awards & Recognition Trade Shows & Events Webinars Resources A more connected supply chain ecosystem starts here Certification Research & White Papers Training About Us Careers Company Leadership Partners Sustainability Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Trust Center Login Support X Contact Us Home » Terminal Operating System Terminal Operating Systems Optimize mission critical operations with a TOS built to empower performance and profitability Learn More Why Us? Overview Customers FAQS Why leading terminals choose Kaleris Gain the competitive edge with software that matches the complexities of your operation Bridging Gaps in the Supply Chain Connecting ports, terminals, distribution centers, and partners under one platform. Predictive Insights and Execution Measure terminal productivity KPIs with real-time data for container throughput and gate performance Extend Your TOS Without Downtime Improve compliance and reporting to improve operational costs. Your Path to Digitization Improve operational safety whether you’re semi-automated or fully-automated. Robust EDI and API Integration Handles all major EDI for container cargo and support integrations with various systems via EVP.​ Reduce Revenue Leakage Capture billable events (CBM, FRT/Revenue Tons etc), manage contracts and invoices. Empowering profitability & performance For over 30 years, Kaleris terminal operating technology has been at the forefront of supply chain innovation, continuously evolving to meet the needs of terminal operators worldwide. of the world’s total TEU traffic moves through Kaleris TOS solutions 0 % Marine terminals globally trust Kaleris TOS for mission-critical operations 0 + Innovative purpose-built solutions for any operation N4 TOS designed for container terminals The most advanced terminal operating system on the market. It offers various externalization & integration opportunities and advanced optimization modules. Learn more GC TOS designed for general cargo terminals Manage multi-cargo terminal operations including containers, bulk, break bulk, and project cargo, automobiles, trucks, semi-trailer trucks, trailers, and railroad cars. Learn more Lightweight turnkey TOS for all types of cargo A simple, cost-efficient TOS for container terminals. It is easier to deploy, flexible and has a quick time to value – replacing legacy TOS systems. Learn more Move Faster. Handle More. Maximize ROI. Halting operations for hours or days to perform a technology upgrade is unrealistic. A flexible terminal operating software solution grows with you and adapts to your needs. That’s why Kaleris TOS offers stepwise implementation, empowering businesses to turn their terminal’s data into powerful performance insights. Advanced Optimization: What If Your Terminal Could Move More—Without Adding Equipment? Most terminals don’t struggle with equipment capacity, they struggle with coordination. Without intelligent optimization, cranes, trucks, and yard operations operate in silos, limiting throughput and increasing cost. Explore Any size, cargo, and operation type With over 560 live sites, terminals of all sizes and types are efficiently and cost-effectively managed. Seamlessly adapt to market disruptions Pivot quickly to changing market conditions and fluctuating volumes while maintaining customer service levels. Continuous evolution through cutting-edge innovation We proactively develop new capabilities for modern, secure solutions that grow with you. Explore Customer Experiences In today’s fast-paced supply chain industry, Kaleris helps businesses enhance connectivity and productivity. See more Visibility isn't enough to conquer today's supply chain complexities Define your new competitive edge with real-time data, resilience, and interoperability ​ Marine terminals today face intense pressure from shipping lines, shippers, and evolving global trade demands. The answer isn’t more complexity — it’s smarter , connected infrastructure. The Kaleris Enterprise and Visibility Platform APIs empowers terminals to deliver faster, collaborate better, and operate more resiliently. Discover Better Execution and Visibility Explore the world’s most connected TOS Digital Transformation for General Cargo Terminals​ This whitepaper explores how adopting a TOS improves profitability and performance across operations. Learn More → Bridging the Gap between Terminals & Shippers See how Kaleris partnered with Thetius to explore ways of improving communication between key stakeholders. Learn More → Discover advanced optimization​ Kaleris offers a variety of optimization modules regardless of the size of what you handle, or the diversity of your cargo. Learn More → Kaleris equips terminals for success with seamless connectivity FAQs Are Kaleris solutions secure? Our solutions are designed with enterprise-grade security to protect your data and ensure compliance with industry standards. Visit our Compliance page to learn more about how we’re ensuring safety protocols for our partners and customers. Compliance How quickly will I experience ROI with Kaleris TOS solutions? Our digital platform automates the parts of your terminal that you care about most, regardless of the size or scale of your operation – the berth, the yard, and the gate. Keep a bead on terminal inventory Track vessel moments in real-time Improve yard utilization Reduce your carbon footprint Reduce demurrage and detention rates (including containers, trucks, rail, and cranes) Create digital reports to reduce scheduling errors Improve planning and decision-making support for vessel visits See More How does Kaleris support its customers? Our customers are transforming their supply chains — and talking about it. From streamlining operations to cutting lead times in half, our clients are achieving serious results. And they’re not keeping it to themselves. Kaleris supports our customers through sincere partnerships. From enabling customer events between key stakeholders, offering support across regions, and guiding our customers from setup to adoption. We’re with you, every step of the way Explore Partnerships How can I maximize the effectiveness of my TOS? Kaleris EVP is helping terminals worldwide simplify, scale, and succeed by fostering connectivity between ports and terminals and improving communication between key stakeholders. Learn More Related News & Insights Press Release Port of Helsingborg Advances Digital Transformation with N4 Terminal Operating System, Reduces Rehandles by 50 Percent In partnership with Kaleris, a leading provider of supply chain execution and visibility solutions, the… In partnership with Kaleris, a leading provider of supply chain execution and visibility solutions, the Navis TOS optimizes terminal operations and enhances process efficiencies. Read More Press Release Cuxport Enhances Operations With New Terminal Operating System From Kaleris In partnership with Kaleris, a leading provider of supply chain execution and visibility solutions, the… In partnership with Kaleris, a leading provider of supply chain execution and visibility solutions, the Navis TOS optimizes terminal operations and enhances process efficiencies. Read More Press Release PTP Goes Live with Navis N4 4.0 PTP Goes Live with Navis N4 4.0… PTP Goes Live with Navis N4 4.0 Read More Why Navis TOS? Navis brought several customers together to discuss what the Navis TOS means to them and their terminals. Hear from Haifa Port, Hamburg Sud, Port Newark Container Terminal, Malta Freeports Limited, Modern Terminals Limited, YILPORT Holding Inc., Virginia International Terminals, and Cornelder de Mocambique about their experiences with N4. Headquarters 3460 Preston Ridge Rd. Suite 600. Alpharetta, GA 30005, USA Serving 105+ Countries Solutions Yard Management Solutions (YMS) Transportation Management (TMS) Transportation Management (Rail) Terminal Operating Solutions (TOS) Carrier & Vessel Solutions (CVS) Execution Visibility Platform (EVP) Maintenance & Repair Operations (MRO) Solutions Yard Management Solutions (YMS) Transportation Management (TMS) Transportation Management (Rail) Terminal Operating Solutions (TOS) Carrier & Vessel Solutions (CVS) Execution Visibility Platform (EVP) Maintenance & Repair Operations (MRO) Industries Automotive Consumer Goods Energy, Chemicals, Mining Food + Beverage Manufacturing Retail Industries Automotive Consumer Goods Energy, Chemicals, Mining Food + Beverage Manufacturing Retail Resources Research & White Papers Webinars Support Certification Training Resources Research & White Papers Webinars Support Certification Training About Company Leadership Partners Sustainability Careers About Company Leadership Partners Sustainability Careers Copyright 2026 Kaleris | All Rights Reserved. Support Login Contact Compliance Privacy Policy Support Login Contact Compliance Privacy Policy
